TiDB Cloud Quick Start: Add an example for Chat2Query (#16128)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-quickstart.md

3. In the editor, you can either simply type `--` followed by your instructions to let AI automatically generate SQL queries, or write SQL queries manually.

   Example:

>    If you would like to create a new table test.t with two columns (Column id and Column name), you can just press the Enter key at the end of your instructions. Then the AI will generate a SQL. Press Tab key to accept the AI-generated SQL, or any other key to cancel. Then you can run the SQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For example, if you would like to create a new table `test.t` with two columns (column `id` and column `name`), you can type `-- create a new table t with id and name` and press **Enter**. Then, AI will generate a SQL statement accordingly. For the generated statement, you can accept it by pressing **Tab** and then further edit it if needed, or reject it by pressing **Esc**.
```

Author: LGTM

> 

Reviewer: Can we move the example code in Line 51~Line 71 after step 5? Because users might need to know how to run SQL first. 

After the `CREATE TABLE` statement is created by AI, if users forget to run it and directly type `-- add 3 rows`, there will be an error reporting no table is available.

Author: Great suggestion, I will follow it.

Reviewer: @Jellybeanvino  On second thought, how about placing the full example after the detailed instructions for running a query?

![image](https://github.com/pingcap/docs/assets/79440533/c687caa1-afed-4bdf-a085-d64c313875fa)

Author: There is already an example placed after step 4. I think placing one more example here would be tedious and needless.

Reviewer: @Jellybeanvino, sorry for the confusion, I mean moving the full example in L57~77 after L105

Author: Done

3. In the editor, you can either simply type `--` followed by your instructions to let AI automatically generate SQL queries, or write SQL queries manually.

>     For example, if you would like to create a new table `test.t` with two columns (column `id` and column `name`), you can type `-- create a new table t with id and name` and press **Enter**. Then, AI will generate a SQL statement accordingly. For the generated statement, you can accept it by pressing **Tab** and then further edit it if needed, or reject it by pressing **Esc**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For example, to create a new table `test.t` with two columns (column `id` and column `name`), you can type `use test;` to specify the database, type `-- create a new table `t` with id and name`, and then press **Enter** to let AI generate a SQL statement accordingly. 
    
    For the generated statement, you can accept it by pressing **Tab** and then further edit it if needed, or reject it by pressing **Esc**.
```

3. In the editor, you can either simply type `--` followed by your instructions to let AI automatically generate SQL queries, or write SQL queries manually.

>     For example, to create a new table `test.t` with two columns (column `id` and column `name`), you can type `use test;` to specify the database, type `-- create a new table `t` with id and name` as the instruction, and then press **Enter** to let AI generate a SQL statement accordingly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For example, to create a new table `test.t` with two columns (column `id` and column `name`), you can type `use test;` to specify the database, type `-- create a new table t with id and name` as the instruction, and then press **Enter** to let AI generate a SQL statement accordingly. 
```

    </div>
    </SimpleTab>

After running the queries, you can immediately see the query logs and results at the bottom of the page. 

> To use Chat2Query, execute the following example statements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To let AI generate more SQL statements, you can type more instructions as in the following example:
```

    </div>
    </SimpleTab>

After running the queries, you can immediately see the query logs and results at the bottom of the page. 

> To let AI generate more SQL statements, you can type more instructions as in the following example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To let AI generate more SQL statements, you can type more instructions as shown in the following example:
```

> ```MySQL

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```sql
````
